hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2015 action car film Furious 7
the seventh film in the Fast & Furious
series so let's get started the spoiler
does rely in part that you've seen the
previous films if you'd like to see a
summary please check out the cards
listed above film takes place right up
to the seventh film with the crew
residing in Los Angeles Bryan being a
father with his wife Sunita and Dom
working with Letty to get her memory
back we see Deckard Shaw the older
brother of Owen Shaw the villain from
the sixth film breaking into the
hospital to reach the comatose Owen and
Deckard swears vengeance against the
crew Deckard then breaks in a Hobbs
office to get the profiles on Dom's
career Deckard and Hobbes fight and
Hobbes is injured by an exploding bomb
and Deckard escapes Dom discovers them
he is pregnant with her second child and
convinces her to tell Brian a mail bomb
arrives at the Toretto house from Tokyo
destroying the house at the same time in
Tokyo kana skills by Deckard Dom visits
Hobbs in the hospital and learned the
Deckard is out for revenge Dom travels
to Tokyo to claim Hans body and races
Shawn Boswell the main character from
the third set Shawn give Dom the items
found at the crash including Letty's
cross necklace at Hans funeral in Los
Angeles Dom notices a car observing them
and chases after the car to corner the
driver who is actually Deckard an armed
team arrives led by Frank petty aka mr.
nobody and Deckard escapes mr. nobody
says that he will assist Dom in stopping
Deckard
however if Dom steals a device called
God's eyes a computer program that uses
digital devices to track down any person
except for its creator a hacker named
Ramsey the gods eye is being held by a
mercenary named mosaic and the crew are
airdrops
and ambushed Japan's convoy to rescue a
young female hacker Ramsey created God's
eye the crew then travels to Abu Dhabi
where there is a billionaire who has a
why're the flash drive containing God's
eye and they skills a device in a big
epic chase now having God's eyes they
are able to track down Decker who is
waiting for them at a factories the crew
and mr. nobodies team tried to capture
Decker but a mercenary juh Cain and his
forces arrived
anja Cain gets to Gaza mr. nobody is
injured and a crew heads for Los Angeles
to fight Decker to Cain and their forces
brian declares to Mia that once Deckard
is defeated he will retire and dedicate
his life to being a father and a husband
chicane brings in a self helicopter and
an aerial drone bringing down habit
Hobbs seeing the crew in danger while
still in the hospital
literally flexes out of his cast and
destroys the drone by crashing an
ambulance into it the hacker Ramsey
hacks and the gods eye and shoved it
down the Domon Deckard start a
one-on-one fight which Akane derives and
attacks them both Decker is defeated as
the garage that they are on collapses
Dom then launches his vehicle in the
chicane helicopter tosses a bag filled
with grenades onto the helicopter and
Hobbs shoots the bag causing the
helicopter to explode killing chicane
DOM is pulled from the wreckage nearly
dead and as Letty holds him she reveals
that she has regained her memory and she
remembers their wedding Deckard is put
into custody by Hobbs Brian and Mia play
with her son while the rest of the crew
watch and agree that Brian seems happier
retired DOM and Brian have a final
moment on the road together traveling in
separate directions it's worth noting
Paul Walker who played Brian died during
the filming of this movie so the final
Tina's supposed to not only be
attributed to retiree of the character
but also the passing of the actor
showing clips of all seven films with
Vin Diesel saying how he will always be
his brother and he will always be there
so that was the spoilers for Furious 7
if you have a film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on the
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching